3 years old
Dear Emono,
Under the long flowers you...
I'll hit you.
You'll hit me?
I don't know who he is or what the meaning of it is,
but I want to break his members then throw him out.
As you sing in the black bliss of the moon,
I bear witness to you, dearest,
that you'll be at peace in heaven and earth for the rest of time.
Do you find the word must-beล tremendous?
What is it, Sir?
That!
It would not be strange to you.
Have pity, vamos lo!
Since it is such a thorn.
Go and jar it!
No, no, don't disappear, don't disappear.
No, no, my wife,
the joy I just said
is so happy, so happy
that I'll never forget it.
Oh, how pathetic!
Please, please,
I've said enough,
oh Lord, help me.